Randomization interface update (#50)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/Documentation~/Randomization/Index.md

# Overview

The perception package's randomization toolset enables users to incorporate domain randomization (DR) principles into Unity projects intended for synthetic training data generation.

What is Domain Randomization?

Domain Randomization (DR) is a technique involving the creation of a variety of simulated environments with randomized properties to train a model over a wider domain of environment conditions. The hypothesis behind DR is that models trained on randomized data sets are more likely to adapt to real-world enviroments than their non-randomized counterparts. It is expected that the larger domain of environment conditions generated through DR will encompase more characteristics of actual enviroments than non-randomization data sets.

To this end, the perception package offers the following constructs to help facilitate the randomization of simulations:
1. Parameters
2. Samplers
3. Scenarios

> ## Parameters

Author: Done

Parameters are used to map common types of simulation properties to random variables. For example, a Vector3 size parameter can be used to randomize the x, y, and z dimensions of an obstacle. Or a material parameter can be used to swap between different terrain surface materials.

![Example Parameters](./Images/ParameterConfiguration.png)

Parameters are configured and organized within a scene using a parameter configuration. Users can create new parameters, modify parameter randomization properties, and even assign target GameObjects to manipulate simulation properties directly from the inspector. Additionally, parameter sub-properties can be modified in playmode better visualize the impact of different randomization settings.

To read more about how to create custom parameter types, navigate over to the [parameters doc](Parameters.md).

## Samplers

> Samplers are classes that deterministically generate random float values from bounded probability distributions. Samplers are considered bounded since each random sampler generates float values within a range defined by a minumum and maximum value. The values generated from samplers are often used to randomize the sub components of parameters.

Author: Forgot to update this one, good catch!

# Overview

> The randomization toolest within the perception package simplifies the process of randomizing aspects of the generated dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The randomization toolset simplifies randomizing aspects of generating synthetic data.
```

**What is Domain Randomization?**

> Domain Randomization is a technique used in the genration of synthetic datasets. It adds variance to the examples used to train an ML model by randomizing several aspects of the content. The intuition is that a model trained on such data is more robust to the inevitable variance encountered in the real world where the model will be tested. The term was first coined by OpenAI when they trained a robot for a pick and place task [using only synthetic data](http://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06907).

Reviewer: Domain randomization is used to create variability in synthetic datasets to help ML models trained in a synthetic domain (Unity) work well in real world applications. The intuition is that the real world is complex and varies widely, while synthetic datasets have limited variation. By randomizing parts of the synthetic domain the ML model will be exposed to enough variability to perform well when deployed. Domain randomization techniques vary widely in what they randomize and how they choose the randomization to apply. The randomization toolset is intended to facilitate a broad variety of implementations and applications.

Our use of `domain randomization` draws from [Tobin et al. (2017)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06907) work training robotic pick and place using purely synthetic data.
